290 faq entry to point to nav customization config options (#291)
seqeralabs/nf-tower-docs: docs/pipeline-schema/overview.md

## Overview

This page will give you a detailed description of what pipeline schema files are, why they are used, and show you how to build and customize your own Pipeline JSON schema file.

![Tower Launch interface](_images/pipeline_schema_form.png)

## What is a Pipeline schema?

Pipeline schema files describe the structure and validation constraints of your workflow parameters. They are used to validate parameters before launch to prevent software/pipelines failing in unexpected ways at runtime.

> Tower uses pipeline schema to build the launchpad parameters form.

Reviewer: This looks like it's slightly off grammatically. Are we missing a qualifying word here (e.g. "a", "your repo's")? 

i.e. "Tower uses your repo's pipeline schema to build a bespoke launchpad parameters form."

> Tower uses pipeline schema to build the launchpad parameters form.

Author: ```suggestion
Tower uses your pipeline schema to build a bespoke launchpad parameters form.
```

!!! tip
    You can populate the parameters in the pipeline, by uploading a YAML or a JSON file, in addition to filling it on the UI itself.

## How can I build my own Pipeline schema file for my Nextflow pipelines?

The pipeline schema is based on [json-schema.org](https://json-schema.org/) syntax, with some additional conventions. This can get complex, so we do not recommend creating or editing this file manually.

> Instead, we recommmend using tools from the [nf-core](https://nf-co.re/) project, which provides a toolset for developing Nextflow pipelines.

Reviewer: Better to link the [schema command](https://nf-co.re/tools/#pipeline-schema) directly? 

I know the sentence recommends NFCORE tooling in general, but this section is specifically about nextflow schema.

Reviewer: Oh, I see, it's just below ...
